# Release Notes for vsync v2.0.0

## Release Date
2024-06-06

## Overview
This release includes new features, bug fixes, and performance improvements to enhance the user experience. 
We recommend that all users update to this latest version.

This release changes previous behavior of the PHY initialization. In previous versions of the library, initialization continued if not all PHYs were idenfitied. In this release, that behavior changes. The program fails during initialization if there is a shared PHY.

## What's New
- Documentation: Code documentation is now available
- Versioning: The package is now explicitly versioned
- Resource files: Kernel patch files are made available 
- Release tag name change: to align with GitHub semantic versioning conventions, new release will now have a 'v' prefix.
- Release notes: Release notes will now be version controlled.

## Improvements
- Classes Refactor: The code has been restructured to be more modular
- Individual Pipe Synchronization: User can synchronize on a per pipe basis
- Debug Level Set: User no longer needs to modify file to set debug level, it can now be done using `make clean debug`

## Bug Fixes
- Fixed issue #11: Shared PLL causes inability to synchronize
- Fixed issue #10: Raptor Lake not supported

## Known Issues
- Rocket Lake: Unable to detect PHYs

## Breaking Changes
- This version is incompatible with 1.x releases: The refactor of the code base means libraries cannot be used with products built on older library versions.


## Contributors

- @alexchae
- @eshenayo
- @satyeshwar

## How to Get It
You can download the latest release from the [releases page](https://github.com/intel-retail/software-vsync-modulation-sample/releases).

## Additional Notes
- If you have any problems with this library, please open a [new issue](https://github.com/intel-retail/software-vsync-modulation-sample/issues/new)

---

For more details, please see the [changelog](https://github.com/intel-retail/software-vsync-modulation-sample/compare/1.3.1...v2.0.0) or visit our [documentation](https://intel-retail.github.io/software-vsync-modulation-sample).
