# Release Notes for vsync v3.0.0

## Release Date

2024-10-10

## Overview

This release includes new features, bug fixes, and performance improvements to enhance the user experience.
We recommend that all users seeking to develop on Meteor Lake (MTL) update to this latest version.
MTL has C10 and C20 PHYs. On a typical MTL system with 4 connectors, we see the first two ports being taken by
C10 PHY and the remaining 2 are controlled by C20. This release experimentally supports **C10** PHYs.

For MTL, you should expect only to see changes to the vsyncs reflected on the first two ports which are controlled by the C10 PHY.

## What's New

* A clean exit upon Ctrl+C, restoring the original PLL values.
* Support added for static linking in addition to the existing dynamic linking (.so).
* Bash scripts to automate the running of ptp and vsync tools on two machines making env setup much easier and straight forward.
* Enhanced user information logging detailing available pipes and connectors.
* Support added for setting shift values via command line parameters, removing the need for hard-coded values.
* Enabled named command line parameters for user applications such as vsync_test, vbltest, and synctest (e.g., -d 0.01).
* Implemented dynamic logging capabilities to replace the previously compiled hardcoded log level.
* Progress view of the vblank period during synchronization.
* C10 (Meteor Lake PHY) experimental support.

## Bug Fixes/Enhancements

* Enables #18 (Support for Meteor Lake PHYs)

## Known Issues

* Rocket Lake: Unable to detect PHYs
* Screen flicker: Value for SHIFT may be too large and causes flickering on screen when synchronized, adjust the value to resolve.

## Breaking Changes

* This version is backward compatible with 2.x releases.

## Contributors

* @arshadlab
* @alexchae
* @eshenayo
* @satyeshwar

## How to Get It

You can download the latest release from the [releases page](https://github.com/intel-retail/software-vsync-modulation-sample/releases).

## Additional Notes

* If you have any problems with this library, please open a [new issue](https://github.com/intel-retail/software-vsync-modulation-sample/issues/new)

---

For more details, please see the [changelog](https://github.com/intel-retail/software-vsync-modulation-sample/compare/1.3.1...v3.0.0) or visit our [documentation](https://intel-retail.github.io/software-vsync-modulation-sample).
